docs(migration): codemod first (#3634)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/migrating/guide/develop.mdx

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migrating a React app</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migrating an app using just styles</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migrating an app using Angular, Svelte, Vue, etc.</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migrating a library</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

This guide helps you update your project to Carbon v11. It is broken into
sections based on how you are using Carbon in your project today. For most teams
using Carbon, you'll want to use the
[Migrating a React app](#migrating-a-react-app) section.

> One of the biggest changes coming to Carbon in v11 is that we are moving to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the biggest changes to Carbon in v11 is that we moved to
```

Should we change this to present tense vs future?

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>

> <AnchorLink>Migrating a React app</AnchorLink>

Reviewer 2: the link in this notification needs to be updated 
<img width="777" alt="image" src="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/assets/40550942/ce4cf816-b23a-45b9-80ff-a07c74ec30c5">

Author: on it!

<AnchorLink>Migrating an app using just styles</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Migrating an app using Angular, Svelte, Vue, etc.</AnchorLink>

> <AnchorLink>Migrating a library</AnchorLink>

Reviewer 2: These last three don't seem to be mapped to any headings

Author: yeah, we haven't written those sections yet ;)

> around in v11 but they will only be re-exports of `@carbon/styles` and

Reviewer: ```
Both the `carbon-components` and `carbon-components-react` packages are still
around in v11 but they are only re-exports of `@carbon/styles` and
```

Update these two lines to present tense also

yarn remove node-sass
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

Now, let's install `sass`:

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

<Tabs>

<Tab label="npm">

```bash
npm install sass --save-dev
```

</Tab>

<Tab label="yarn">

```bash
yarn add sass --dev
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

Once you have Dart Sass installed, it's important that you configure your
project to support resolving imports in Sass from `node_modules`. Typically,
this means adding `node_modules` to your `includePaths` config for Sass in your
bundler or toolchain of choice.

To learn more about how to configure your specific toolchain to support this,
read the documentation for configuration
[here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/blob/main/packages/styles/docs/sass.md#configuration).
We also have published a guide over on
[Medium](https://medium.com/carbondesign/migrating-from-node-sass-to-sass-eba9db004a3a)
to help out with common problems that come from this migration.

### Step 3: Update style import paths

Now, open your project's main stylesheet:

- Any line of code with `@import` can be removed.
- Any feature flags can be removed.

All you need is the following:

```scss
@use '@carbon/react';

> ```

Reviewer 3: This isn't true, there's lots of reasons why an import would need to remain (local stylesheets, user doesn't want to buy into sass module system yet, etc)

Also for some usages it's fine to just include everything via `@use '@carbon/react';` but we've seen a good majority of users opt out of this to instead include individual component styles to reduce their bundle size.

| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| Theme tokens                    | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/theme' as *`                   |
| Theme mixins                    | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/themes' as *`                  |
| Design language color tokens    | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/colors' as *`                  |
| Spacing tokens                  | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/spacing' as *`                 |
| Breakpoint mixins               | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/breakpoint' as *`              |
| Motion tokens and functions     | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/motion' as *`                  |
| Rem and other convert functions | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/utilities/convert' as *`       |
| Z-index helper                  | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/utilities/z-index' as *`       |
| Focus outline helper            | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/utilities/focus-outline' as *` |
| Transform rotate helper         | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/utilities/rotate' as *`        |
| Skeleton animation helper       | `@use '@carbon/react/scss/utilities/skeleton' as *`      |

> Now that you've migrated all of your imports, do a find/replace using your
> favorite code editor. Find `carbon--` and replace it with nothing. `carbon--` is
> no longer necessary. The full list of changes are available in our
> [Migration Docs](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/blob/main/docs/migration/v11.md#changing-import-paths-from-scssglobalsscss-to-scss).
> 

Reviewer: I might try re-wording this sentence, I had to re-read it a couple times to understand what you meant 😅 

```suggestion
Now that you've migrated all of your imports, do a find/replace using your
favorite code editor. The prefix`carbon--` is no longer necessary, you can 
do a find for `carbon--` and replace it with nothing to remove across all your files. 
The full list of changes are available in our
[Migration Docs](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/blob/main/docs/migration/v11.md#changing-import-paths-from-scssglobalsscss-to-scss).

```

```

</Tab>

<Tab label="yarn">

```bash
yarn remove carbon-components carbon-components-react carbon-icons @carbon/icons-react
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

Next, install the `@carbon/react` package:

<Row>
<Column colLg={12}>

<Tabs>

<Tab label="npm">

```bash
npm install @carbon/react
```

</Tab>

<Tab label="yarn">

```bash
yarn add @carbon/react
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

</Column>
</Row>

Now that you've removed the old packages and brought in the new ones, run the
codemod below to fix your pathing.

```bash
npx @carbon/upgrade migrate update-carbon-components-react-import-to-scoped
```

After running the command, your code should start looking like this:

```jsx
// Before
import { Accordion, AccordionItem } from 'carbon-components-react';
// After
import { Accordion, AccordionItem } from '@carbon/react';
```

<InlineNotification>

For full details, including options and commands availabe when using the
`@carbon/upgrade` CLI, see the
[package documentation](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/tree/main/packages/upgrade).

</InlineNotification>

### Step 2: Install Dart Sass

> If you're importing styles from `carbon-components`, you can now import styles
> directly from `@carbon/react` or the `@carbon/react/scss` folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you were previously importing styles from `carbon-components`, you can now import styles directly from `@carbon/react` or the `@carbon/react/scss` folder.
```
